That's not a big fire.
When we were talking about the filing system.
Yes.
You said the filing system was changed in 1953.
Would you explain where the filing system was changed?
I didn't mean to say so much, but the filing system was changed.
I think just about everything was changed.
And no jamming came in and no go out.
But I was just asking the boss of filing.
I don't know.
There was a election in 1952.
Yes, sir.
Not a public notice.
Thank you.
Well, I have no objection.
I managed to survive in 1952.
I'm not objecting to all of the elections in 1952.
Mr. Colum, would you explain where the filing system was changed?
No, sir, because I cannot.
Well, I understand that the filing system has been the same since 1947.
But I believe the Republic in here.
Now, I'll post it anymore.
I looked at this cost document.
I just like that as an example.
And you'd say that all these things are in the file.
And we can find them.
How could anyone...
Either a minority can't do or a member of the Senate serves on this committee.
Find that document.
Well, I think the way there would be a member of the committee can't take it.
Me and his work preliminary investigations we had, or specifically whether we had anything on communist infiltration in the Army.
I was telling about it.
And if he said, let me see the file, I thought we'd bring up the files on it.
And then, look, what else at this point has been made in the hearings too long?
And all that a member of the committee has to do is to now look to the file.
How would you find a cost document?
And where would you find it face-by-the presentation of that document in evidence?
Well, where would it be file on this?
There's no marketing on it.
I would be under a shelter at communist infiltration in the Army.
In fact, I think the document is in file.
I mean, it's infiltration in the American Armed Forces.
If it isn't not true, then I'm under the filing system that's been in effect in 47,
and all these documents are marked with reference and tab number two.
I don't police officer.
Well, isn't that the practice and the filing set up in the committee?
I said so, I'm not familiar with the filing set up.
I know I've never had any trouble in getting any cases of documents I need in connection with my work.
I don't know about a test, and I don't know the one thing to it.
I wouldn't have raised this question except that it was raised in the hearings,
and all of us are supposed to know where all these things are.
And I must say that I was very careful to look over that document
because I had understood from you and your system only earlier
that the cost document was one of those critical items
that set off the investigation of the Army.
And it was for that reason I wanted to know about it,
because it was the first I had heard of that cost document.
At least it was never called as attention of any members of the subcommittee.
Now, do I understand that that document was filed at all times with the subcommittee
and the subcommittee officers and what was its file under?
I'm sure it was filed at all times, sir.
Except if it was filed under, I don't know.
I can find out for you with the under.
I can just guess it was the uniligical thing with the uniligent
and the kind of infiltration of the armed forces
or under something along the road.
Would you find out what it was your under?
I think that is.
And would you also supply for the committee the basis
from which documents are filed in me?
Well, I mean the statement.
I think this is very important, Mr. Cohn.
I mean, it's not.
I never raised this question, but we've been told time and time again
that we should have known about all these things
because they're in file in the committee.
I want to know for my own information just how we find things
because after all, when we're busy, we can't sit down and spend
and you agree there will take days to go through these files
unless we know the key to the filing system.
So I don't think any senders ever expected to go down
and go through the filing like that.
I was told that he was contact with the staff members.
And well, it's an indicated here that we should have known
about these things we could have found out if they had no senator should,
and I'm just facing this on the testimony
and statements made in the hearing that we should know about these things.
I don't think anyone expects a senator to go down
and start going through all the files to know every letter
and documents and members and in there.
I think so that the way it would usually be done is
if the senator wanted to know about something he would communicate
with the staff members and the staff members will see him what he wanted.
And I think that the senator, if the professor meant that
I know that the senator once said since when he had not
said that he would hear him during the recess and something
like that requires us to send to him a long summary of what happened
at each session.
And I know that we are very careful to see that that is sent to him.
I know that the senator there can send an appartor
half representative, correct?
Usually when they, hopefully, cannot be present at hearing
and the post-representative, keep him abreast of what's going on
and deal with the staff and keep the senator alive.
And I suppose each one has a different way of keeping up
with the committee's work.
Well, I know that when matters come up, obviously,
unless the senators are informed that we can't be down
on a fishing expedition going through the file.
So that it would be pretty difficult to just make a run down
through the file every month or so to find out what's in the file
and should you agree with me or not as a practical matter.
It would be impossible if not.
Well, I would say it would be difficult to say.
Now, the reason I'm pursuing this line of question,
I'm sure, you're fully aware of Mr. Cohn,
is that as I understand the testimony,
the Army investigation was started in February or March.
And to my knowledge, at least I did not receive any information.
That question investigation was underway north.
Did I have any information of the seriousness of these charges?
And I think that it's very important in connection
with the charges and counter charges made in connection
with this hearing.
Now, can you tell us what document
started the Army in March?
No.
You don't say no.
There was no one document decided that or any other increases.
As far as I know.
There was no particular thing that set it off
but it did start in February.
Yes sir.
But what in February started it?
Well, I can't tell you what started it.
If there happens to this way,
we will get information from various sources about a situation.
We will get documents frequently.
And when there's enough there,
we will start a preliminary investigation,
which I believe is under the direction of the chamber.
Other numbers are going at all times.
I can tell you some of the incidents
relating to the beginning of this preliminary investigation.
I know that's what started it in February.
Well, one of the first things I remember, sir,
is we were contacted by an officer in the Army
who an officer in the Army
who told us about certain situations
existing with regard to the use of co-communist literature
and the presence of subversives in the military established.
That was an officer in the former.
Yes sir.
You've been an officer in the community with the committee.
He communicated with the outside,
I don't know what the preliminary steps were.
But I know that at this time of time,
I believe it was late in February
when some of the staff members had an extended interview with the staff.
So, but he, that he's supplying the documents or materials.
I don't recall what he did or not.
When did, I know he talked about my right-wing recollection.
I wonder if he'd yield for just a minute long.
It's not out of my time.
I wonder if he'd yield for just a minute.
I would like to have the record very clear
of that all preliminary investigations by Stratford's
by the chairman of the committee.
Last year we had 450 some of our investigations,
more hearings like that,
until the time comes, I think,
a matter of the sufficient importance
to disturb the early sunkers with us and I call the meeting of the committee.
And we decided to call the hearing on this primary investigation.
We followed the usual procedures.
In that case, after the investigation and proceeded for several months
we held a meeting with the committee.
We decided to call the hearing method not done by the chair.
The chair never takes it upon himself
to call any public hearings of the authority of the committee.
But I do, Stratford,
whenever I get a complaint from any senator,
anyone else who seems to have any merit,
I ask the staff to run them down.
And I think the last year,
it was with some 450-odd preliminary investigations,
which form there are a lot of the departments
that are in the opening to the committee.
I fully worry the rules of the unrighteous press,
preliminary investigation,
to understand, understandable,
and connection with any investigation,
but the seriousness of the situation here is obvious.
The statement is made under all five leave,
you testify to it that you received information in April
for the April from the young officer,
that there was 35 submissions.
Absolute monmer.
No, I mean, that's pretty rough.
That's the important radar lab at the point of the company.
That was in April.
That's good.
And how long did this situation come?
No, I wasn't until September that hearing got underway.
And I'm greatly concerned why the delay
from April until September.
So I think that's the third book that I talked to some first.
I just have the other day that an April or May
was there about, I guess, this summary
of the FBI report warning of the existence of the first
of the fourth month.
What's that after that time we didn't have the,
I don't think we have these figures 35.
I don't think so, when it was showdown.
But it doesn't say, it doesn't say month, month, month.
From the time you first get a serious complaint,
until you arrive at a point where you can hold public hearing
after I get the complaint,
I must first have the staff run it down,
I must first take a mission of the committee to hold a hearing.
I did that in this case.
And the subject from Washington for reasons
for he considered good and bad was not on the committee
of that time.
So I took the matter up with the force owners
who were on the committee at the time when I softly
were ready to hold a hearing,
to give them a complete report on this now.
Yeah, come on, let me, let me, let me, let me,
let my recollection, let me get that to the moment.
My recollection was that in the now famous two
and a quarter of page document,
there were about 35 names listed.
And honestly, what was it?
I think all that's the Russian, Russian espionage.
Now, if this information was obtained in April or May,
wouldn't the alert thing to do was meet
to immediately advise the members of the committee.
This is pretty serious.
If we had anything to say to this so far,
I think we've got something much more serious right now.
That's a lot.
Right, so I'm talking about...
Yes, sir. Yes.
...the fire that they're here.
I mean, when we had to meet for a person with an eye,
I think we've got a much more serious situation now
and how much information the PIA has disturbed me,
the number.
What we have, the members of the committee,
is not that far.
I do think so.
Yes, I do.
Have we had the names and the numbers of the people
that I discussed with my other words,
the numbers of the many else and the rest of the members of the committee,
because the foundest information of atomic and hydrogen bomb fire,
I felt that was, I think, even more important
from this information of the...
May I...
This is going to be finished in view at one point.
One point.
May I have from the files all of them,
and meaning to minutes of reference to this matter,
so that we on the committee can be fully informed.
Yes, sir. You certainly may.
Certainly may.
And this time, as it's by, maybe,
Mr. Chair, the matter of the...
Mr. Chair, this is Mr. President.
He didn't get around, Mr. Collins.
He didn't get to go around, Mr. Coler.
Chair, I'd like to remind Mr. Collins that,
to the new hour, he is supposed to provide to Council Jenkins.
So this is the pregnant call,
which we desire to get information from Mr. Lucas,
so that we can then find out whether Mr. Brownow will okay them for a mission.
We stand adjourned until two o'clock.
Up towards Chairman Montenau,
so the next session of a hearing will be a 2 p.m. this afternoon.
Chair, I'd like to...
Call the committee to order.
And begin by welcoming our guests.
We're prepared to be here at unusually large numbers this afternoon,
to tell you that we welcome you as committee guests at the hearing.
And to call your attention to the standing committee rule,
with which I'm sure many of you are familiar,
and those who are here for the first time may not know about it.
We have a standing committee rule for fitting any manifestations of approval
or disapproval of an audible nature for many members of the audience at any time.
And the uniformed officers that you see before you,
and the plain clothes people feed in the audience,
have instructions from the committee to remove from the committee room immediately,
firmly but politely,
without further instructions from the chair.
Any of our guests,
should the reasons best known to them,
elect to violate the conditions under which you entered the room as our guest.
Our audience has been magnificent,
and uniformed curious,
and we expect them to maintain that fine standards of decarct.
As the meeting was recessed this morning,
we had concluded a ten-minute go-around as far as the chairman,
and Senator McClellan, and Senator Dixon, and Senator Jackson was concerned,
and Senator Potter is the next senator to recognize by the chair for a ten-minute request.
Senator Potter.
Mr. Jackson was born in the U.S.
He has the presence of a bloody enough with people on the committee who were not being paid.
I can tell him now that the only person working on the committee was not on the committee payroll.
Well, Mr. Carney,
the people who are on my personal payroll,
working on the committee,
the reason for that is because the budget of the committee will not allow the additional individual
which ultimately was necessary as an enough chair.
Well, my question from Senator is related to a rumor,
or rather than call on my attention that there has been individuals who were not either on your office payroll,
or on the staff of the committee as who put them in the party.
So, I wanted to get it clarified,
and do I now understand that the only ones working on investigations for the committee for the staff
are those who are regularly appointed as not a payroll plus this one individual from your staff.
Because that's good mainly.
And I know what it is.
I mean, say some injections.
I think it's a perfect way for a three-in-year plan.
I don't think that's the best of the goal.
The only individual working for all time on the committee
is Mr. Davidson's within my personal payroll.
My office staff, obviously, of course, works well.
I'm not with the other any more time.
Nope, nope, nope, no part time people.
But no, what's correct isn't right?
Well, as I know,
if that policy has been concluded,
there's a Senate fellow sounding the alliance with the Rose House,
a Senate meeting,
and then we'll be back to the Senate.
And then we'll be back to the Senate.
This is probably one of the shortest recesses
and one of the shortest sessions, rather, on record.
The senators leave almost immediately the Senate caucus room here
for Senate and vote on the measure before they drop it here.
The House, Eric Chairman, months,
three recesses, the ABC Television Network
is bringing you the complete hearings
into the McCarthy Army controversy.
There's an again wrapping the gable for attention.
And it seems that there is another role
called now on the floor of the Senate.
There's another role called on the floor of the Senate.
And again, the committee members leave as well.
One of the Jackson's Mr. James Sinclair,
and the other side of him, Mr. Mayor.
The mayor was going to vote.
Just that, he's being voted to roll the votes in the Senate.
It appears you will have some time now at least for the committee sessions
before there is another vote.
And we will start in this time again with Senator Potter,
who will be the first man in line there
as well as the first minister of the Senate.
Senator Potter, the month is called, the session order.
And now Senator Potter,
please call the drab of the day.
He didn't.
Mr. Cohn,
you worked in the executive branch of government
prior to coming with a committee,
which is a part of Armaday,
so you better say the branch of our government.
Yes sir.
You are a wing with me that,
the communist world,
we have been called to,
we're involved with the windshield break,
our government service.
I do so.
You agree with me that either one communist or a subverted
in our government is one too many?
I do so.
You also agree with me that there is no monopoly on hitting communism?
And you agree with me that the president of the United States
is from the great developed service for a country?
I'm sure he has.
I suppose there is a post to communism as the URI,
I'm sure.
And he,
the governing powerful,
the government service of the communist
that's to come to the executive in government service?
And that,
other members of the executive branch of government?
Mr. Boney,
the attorney general,
he has never been known as being the
county coward,
who that's right, I'm sure.
You only got the secretary of law?
That's the state.
Now, also has an inter-pol to communist government.
I'm sure you're sure.
The reason I'm asking is this question.
What I've had to ask whom other members of the committee has
had many letters and inquiries from people
who believe that the government is funny called
the communist security rep?
Now, with your last experience both in the legislative branch of government
working in this field,
and a chief counsel of this committee,
I would like to have your comments as to me,
extent of communism,
when our government.
Yes sir, can only of course not be a comment because of course I don't know.
I was in here, you're known.
You're very correctly stated.
One of the principal objectives of the communist conspiracy in this country
and every country throughout the world is infiltration of government.
The moment I said that,
you were very correct before when you stated that one of the principal objectives
of the communist conspiracy in this country
as well as throughout the world is the infiltration of government,
of the free government of the world.
They tried to bring about the downfall of those governments,
and they tried to get people in there to commit acts of espionage
and sabotage within and times of peace
and in times of war or revolution.
They tried to use those people in government
to help bring about the downfall of the free government
and bring about a dictatorship of the proletariat
under the world communist conspiracy.
Now sir, on the extent of this communist infiltration,
during the 1930s and 1940s,
the communist party of the United States
was, I will say, remarkably and unbelievably successful
in placing communists in a number of key spots in our government.
I would say that probably,
if you want to look at it from the standpoint of numbers,
the numbers might not be the staggering variety.
But so you made another point, which is the key to this.
You said one is too many.
One is too many. I think the staggering
or the one in one of the top communists and fair institutions
want better take, something to be effective.
Take a thousand people to build a bridge.
It takes one person to blow it up.
And another person, what you're saying is that both branches
or the government should be ever big of a mess
on this question of communists.
But they have to be sure because the communists will be ever vigilant
in trying to infiltrate. They will not give up.
And they will always keep working,
because they have people into various government agencies and events.
And I'll let me ask you this question.
Isn't it true, under a presence,
it's likely to serve us back?
Well, there's no provision for dealing with communists
and the far as implementing the act is concerned.
But it's not a means of attention because of a person's role
to have in the far as well.
I would say, when there's an authority conviction under the Smith Act,
it's a problem under certain laws of the Army rather than for the selected service system.
The human agree with my conviction that a man who advocates you will go
about government and by force and violence.
But who refused is you, either by using the federal amendment
or by using the federal amendment or using the federal amendment.
So it's easy to answer, but the tape is the time to be grasped.
But that man is not fit to have the uniformer of the government.
Yes, sir, I do.
All right, I'll continue.
I think at the bottom of the front, this is what I have to do.
I'll do the service of the policy.
But if I can move forward to the front, this is talking.
It's not fit to have uniform.
It should be in the least of having separate classification.
So that wherever he goes, when he asks his presenters,
the credentials of the draft service.
So that man will be known as a man who is not fit to wear uniform
because it's a law out of his country.
Now, I'll go for a quick.
I'll go for a quick.
I'll probably send you some.
Mr. Chairman, first, could I ask if the committee has yet got the shine memos?
Two of them are three.
How many names are there, Mr. Chairman?
Between the one job I met with the minority government, the Kennedy and Mr. Charles Maynard,
Mr. Jenkins, there, for which time I just went to the both of them,
they filed and memos and everything else.
For some problems, the connection with them, I don't think there are too many.
We thought of this suggestion maybe with my idea, and any of them, I'll make it my now, sir.
From there could be Mr. Chairman, the order of Mr. Cohen, you know what I'm saying, my time.
Can he answer this?
Without being one, my time.
And much of this is a committee matter.
Thank you.
Or I can say this, I think we all thought of, I'll take probably responsibility for it.
I think it's been a negative suggestion meeting of the committee of the regular subcommittee.
We would bring in everything we have, and we could make a decision on what to become right then and there.
I think that was settled with Bob.
Pretty quickly.
Mr. Chairman, might I inspire?
Didn't we have the file yesterday?
I wonder what Bob did, we were all off on Fox here.
I thought that we were supposed to have petarined by now that was supposed to be deleted.
I mean, what is, I don't understand, so there are two or three problems, and one is not the same.
I think he said everyone in the thousands earlier.
I don't know how to do that, because they have a file here yesterday, and then the file was displayed again today.
What is the problem with this, that, well, the progress and the checks and first of all,
is that we've had people going through the files and tabbing things done by Dave Shine,
and also trying to tab things which reveal the name of confidential information.
Problems arise, to disaffect the first question is, how much of this material should be seen by Mr. Welch or Council
from Mr. Stevens and Mr. Raddick?
That's a question with that, by Mr. Kennedy.
I think it's a good one.
I don't know the answer to it.
Another question is, what do we do with the information that comes from confidential information?
So we put that in a special box or file or category or an inventory and how many pieces of paper there are.
And it's not to become a part of the public record, or it will be available to inspection by members of the committee
with both Mr. Welch and we talked it over for a while.
We had the files right there, and we looked at some of them.
We all came to the conclusion of they could be an executive session of the committee and bring the material there.
So we'd have before us just what we're talking about.
It probably could be disclosed off of that waiting time in public session.
Mr. Chairman, why does this exist as told now that the box of papers or files be turned over to you as chair?
And be held until the committee has a chance to go through the various items, then we disclose that,
otherwise it's a pain fire and we're just delaying our proceeding here to try to take this that much longer there, quite later, to know if checkings are correct.
And the other two of them have the files and the papers as well as it has been removed from the files of the committee from the tender,
which is Council Jenkins for his custody under my direction until we can help the executive meeting of the committee.
The members of the committee have come to start answering questions.
So that any members of the committee can answer this.
All right.
Well, I'm just wondering, this way, would it be turned over to the chairman of the committee, or is this a piece?
Very well, it's an old image.
I'll say, I will look at that huge...
...and then a class.
The committee's requirements for the one of those files are being turned over now for the inspection of members of the committee.
So, there was always anything turned over to him.
He has thought the audit for the webinar, the one of the subject of the webinar.
However, the chairman says that he has said previously that he will be the reason now anything turned over to him,
as information for this committee is available to any of the seven members of this committee,
or he can decide whether the assembly is going to be the case.
So, the chairman is going to go all out.
I send him a class on his family.
I don't want you to think of the chair of the committee, but...
...because it was said they've signed anything else in this committee.
The property.
I have requested that the minority council, the propensity,
the member of the committee staff, member of my staff, will sue the material.
The chairman wheat out, not as much for the investigation.
I don't know what progress it made.
We had said that I will want to see what it's being turned over,
and then to the chair of the other day I found personal letters.
There are too many correct letters referring to all their senators,
which I would not want to make part of the public's left record about the subject of the commission.
So, the material was more than being available, but not all of them in that box.
I'd like to admit that the committee persons who I take as a unit,
so there's no question about it.
There we have a deeper range of...
...and I'm going to check it. There's nothing you can do to me yet.
It's my account.
If you're available to all the members of our committee,
I'm going to have a demo and I'll test the structure.
I just want to check it.
Can you be available?
That's one of the problems we get through here and you and the chairman...